GOOGLE TERMS OF SERVICE
Welcome! When using Google's services, you agree to the terms and conditions listed on this page (the "Terms of Service"), which may be updated by us from time to time. A complete statement of our privacy policy can be found here.

The Google logo and search service are made available for non-commercial use only. You may not use the Google search service to sell a product or service, or to increase traffic to your Web site for commercial reasons, such as advertising sales. If you want to make commercial use of the Google search engine, please contact bizdev@google.com for information on Google's services.

Without express permission from Google, you may not take the results from a Google search and reformat and display them, or mirror the Google home page or results pages on your Web site, or send automated queries to Google's system. Please contact permissions@google.com for more information.

You are expressly encouraged to add a Google search box to your web site that performs a search on Google.

Google's search technology automatically produces search results that reference sites and information located worldwide throughout the Internet. Because we have no control over such sites and information, we make no guarantee as to such sites and information, including the accuracy, currency, content or quality of any such sites and information and we assume no responsibility as to whether the search locates unintended or objectionable content. Furthermore, because some content on the Internet consists of material that is adult-oriented or otherwise objectionable to some people, the results of your search on our sites may automatically and unintentionally generate links or references to objectionable material. We make no claim that such surprises might not occur.

We may modify or discontinue our services or your account with us, with or without notice, without liability to you, any other user or any third party. We reserve the right to terminate your account if we learn that you have provided us with false or misleading registration information, interfered with other users or the administration of Google's services, or violated these Terms of Service.

You understand and agree that Google's services are provided "AS-IS". Google assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. In particular, but not by way of limitation, Google may delete e-mail accounts or the information therein if the account is inactive for greater than ninety (90) days.

You understand and expressly agree that use of Google's services are at your sole risk, that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of Google's services is at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data.

Except as expressly set forth on our sites, Google disclaims all warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement and it makes no warranty or representation regarding the results that may be obtained from the use of Google's services, regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through Google's services, regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained through Google's services, regarding any transactions entered into Google's services or that Google's services will meet any user's requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free.

Google will not be liable for any direct, indirect incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages of any kind resulting from the use of or the inability to use Google's services, resulting from any goods or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through Google's services, resulting from loss of, unauthorized access to or alteration of a user's transmission or data or for the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, use, data or other intangibles, even if Google had been advised of the possibility of such damages.

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Google, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants and agents from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, attorneys fees) arising from your use of our services, your violation of the Terms of Service or your infringement, or infringement by any other user of your account, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. The Terms of Service will inure to the benefit of Google's successors, assigns and licensees.

These Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions or your actual state or country of residence. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision or portion of the Terms of Service to be unenforceable, the remainder of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.

These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by Google.

©1999 Google Inc.